Update docs based on experience with a customer (#2351)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/google-bigquery-source.md

1. **Checkpoint Field**. Enter the name of the field in the query result to be used for checkpointing. This field has to be increasing and of type number or timestamp.
1. **Checkpoint Start**. Enter the first value for the checkpoint that the integration will plug into the query.
1. **(Optional) Time Field**. Enter the name of the field in the query result to be parsed as timestamp. If not provided, the current time will be used.

> 1. **Query**. Enter the query that you need to run. It must include the phrase `%CHECKPOINT%` and *should* include sorting the checkpoint field as well.

Reviewer: is this correct?

```suggestion
1. **Query**. Enter the query that you need to run. It must include the phrase `%CHECKPOINT%`, and we recommend including the sorting checkpoint field as well.
```

Author: sounds good!

| `Checkpoint Start`| `0` |
| `Time Field` | `start_time` |

> #### Example 3: Query Gmail Logs 
> (Replace `MyProject` and `MyDataSet` with values matching your environment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example 3: Query Gmail Logs 

In the example below, you'll need to replace `MyProject` and `MyDataSet` with values matching your environment.
```
